# -Erandani-Multi-Step-LSTM-Time-Series-Forecasting-Model-for-Power-Usage
Household Power Consumption Dataset  The Household Power Consumption dataset is a multivariate time series dataset that describes the electricity consumption for a single household over four years.  The data was collected between December 2006 and November 2010 and observations of power consumption within the household were collected every minute.  It is a multivariate series comprised of seven variables (besides the date and time); they are:      global_active_power: The total active power consumed by the household (kilowatts).     global_reactive_power: The total reactive power consumed by the household (kilowatts).     voltage: Average voltage (volts).     global_intensity: Average current intensity (amps).     sub_metering_1: Active energy for kitchen (watt-hours of active energy).     sub_metering_2: Active energy for laundry (watt-hours of active energy).     sub_metering_3: Active energy for climate control systems (watt-hours of active energy).  Active and reactive energy refer to the technical details of alternative current.  In general terms, the active energy is the real power consumed by the household, whereas the reactive energy is the unused power in the lines.  We can see that the dataset provides the active power as well as some division of the active power by main circuit in the house, specifically the kitchen, laundry, and climate control. These are not all the circuits in the household.
